very good to all kids welcome
in the mass my channel is the clipper and
we are back in wazen mode
three stamps I bring a new fashion in
this case just as you see me
wrong class I've put the class
of 145 when I wanted to put the one on
the m16 or you see something very acous because no
the game did not let me change the class
at that time and then I changed it
when answering again when
died then I decided to go out too
and they killed me because dead I am and
until nothing would happen until I saw that
Well, we have the streak
considerable and I said well then all the
possibility of love not and I already take the
things with a little more calm
first of all, guys, I have many surprises
to tell you today among them a very
important that you're going to like
many of you
during those I wanted to say if you notice me
something weird in the voice that I can not speak
very well and that has raised me quite
hoarse the truth hurts me quite the
throat so good to apologize if to
sometimes I do not understand or I'm left without
voice anything you understand me what
typical when when it hurts
very much throat that you can not
speak well and he was playing with
a subscriber that I found in a
departure from before and was in the
enemies when he sent me a message of
creepers
crystal I do not know what and then in the room
previous I was speaking by voice and that
free table behind group limit and
we were playing this game that the
true very well after we throw a couple
that I stayed at very little in another fashion
in this game by the way I was very
little to very little of the double marked
by the recognition drone it
they imagined similar came to do not you the
I'm going to put in the video because I live
is suffering a lot and the truth is
It's costing a lot to comment on this
video and good to see if I put it in the
another or good what I wanted to say
guys first surprise is worth it
I have activated the live channels
I will be able to do
direct and play with you not on
direct you already know the typical of the
betting games on bounce bounces
maybe some all or nothing in the modern
warfare 3 all that type of games then
I'll do it with you live when
in the black 2 in the French model in
play 3 ok you know I do not have xbox
and I can not do those events on xbox anymore
we'll see if later we find
some pc game that you like and we can
make direct to the best of league of
legends or anything but good of
moment the idea is that do not make direct
of arms
and mo de war 3 on playstation and good
I hope we 'll see when it's worth
I need time especially I need
enough time one day that you have three or
four free hours to prepare everything
and they do a decent live in a live
of an hour and a half something like that
I'll blacksmiths here a direct 10
minutes you understand me and well then that
is the idea I hope you like it is not
tell me what you think about the direct and
all that since you asked me
very many I also wanted but good
we'll see the topic of the connection is
something good you know I have 20 megabytes
I do not know if it's going to give me enough
so that I go luxury while doing
a live maybe maybe I think the
departure and everything we all go a
little bit more we'll see that if that's the case
will do
I have to do a test and now
we will see how good what I wanted you
say also yesterday's video because I already
yesterday there was no video
I was 6 hours uploading the video I do not know
processed the video in the end no no it
came up is a video that I have there in the
channel that send it back up because neither
damn case it does not go up I saw a tweet from
wilileaks that said with 100 megabytes and a
video 10 minutes it has taken me in
process in upload 200 minutes that is
imagine a 10 minute video with
100 megs 200 minutes and what I have 20
imagine you then I would have to take
five times more so good found
the logical reason not that a thousand minutes
I would have to take a good video
maybe half because the video was not
10 minutes was half of 5
then about 500 minutes and well then
that was the reason why yesterday a
new video did not go up there was not
progressed
cojones happened and nothing guys here already
you see fashion as it is now I wear the
class of 1,016 that was the intention that
I was carrying from the beginning and I try
well, double the truth is that
I stayed at 7 to 8 marked by the drone of
recognition from the beginning like this
how good this has been all I hope that
I liked you do not forget to vote on
video leave me in the comments that you
it seems the idea of the direct ones of
playing with subscribers and all that
if you leave a like I was happy jce
very much and help me grow and this
it has been a greeting to all and until
the next
goodbye